\input texinfo.tex
@c %**start of header
@setfilename mp-odrf.info
@settitle Multiple Precision One Dimensional Root Finding
@c %**end of header

@include version.texi
@include macros.texi

@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Values.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@set TITLE                      Multiple Precision One Dimensional Root Finding

@c To be used as @value{PACKAGE} whenever we need to include the full
@c name of this package.
@set PACKAGE                    MP ODRF

@c To be used as @value{PACKAGE} whenever we need to include the
@c nickname of the project: the name that is used to compose the
@c distribution tarball or the web address.
@set PACKAGE_NICKNAME           mp-odrf

@c To be used as @value{AUTHOR} whenever we need to include the list of
@c authors of this document.
@set AUTHOR                     Marco Maggi

@c To be used as @value{AUTHOR_EMAIL} whenever we need to include the
@c email of the *single* author of this document.
@set AUTHOR_EMAIL               @email{marco.maggi-ipsu@@poste.it}

@c To be used as @value{COPYRIGHT_YEARS} whenever we need to include the
@c list of copyright years.
@set COPYRIGHT_YEARS            2014

@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Copyright notice.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@copying
This document describes version @value{VERSION} of @value{PACKAGE}, a C
language library implementing a template library.  The package is
distributed under the terms of the @gnu{} General Public License
(@gpl{}).

@noindent
Copyright @copyright{} @value{COPYRIGHT_YEARS} by @value{AUTHOR} @value{AUTHOR_EMAIL}

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the @gnu{} Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with
Invariant Sections being ``@gnu{} Free Documentation License'' and
``@gnu{} General Public License'', no Front--Cover Texts, and no
Back--Cover Texts.  A copy of the license is included in the section
entitled ``@gnu{} Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Headers.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@titlepage
@title @value{TITLE}
@subtitle Revision @value{VERSION}
@author @value{AUTHOR} @value{AUTHOR_EMAIL}
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@ifinfo
@dircategory Development
@direntry
* mp-odrf: (mp-odrf).           @value{TITLE}.
@end direntry
@end ifinfo

@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@ignore
@syncodeindex tp cp
@syncodeindex vr cp
@syncodeindex fn cp
@end ignore

@c page
@ifnottex
@node Top
@top @value{TITLE}

@insertcopying

@menu
* overview::                    Overview of the package.
* version::                     Version functions.

Appendices

* Package License::             GNU General Public License.
* Documentation License::       GNU Free Documentation License.
* resources::                   On--line resources.
* references::                  Bibliography and references.

Indexes

* concept index::               An entry for each concept.
* function index::              An entry for each function.
* variable index::              An entry for each variable.
* type index::                  An entry for each type.
@end menu
@end ifnottex

@c page
@node overview
@chapter Overview of the package


This document describes version @value{VERSION} of @value{PACKAGE}, a C
language library implementing a template library.

@value{PACKAGE} installs the single header file @file{mp-odrf.h}.  All
the function names in the @api{} are prefixed with @code{mp_odrf_}; all
the constant names are prefixed with @code{MP_ODRF_}; all the type names
are prefixed with @code{mp_odrf_} and suffixed with @code{_t}.

@menu
* overview linking::            Linking code with the library.
@end menu

@c page
@node overview linking
@section Linking code with the library


This package installs a data file for @command{pkg-config}, so when
searching for the installed library with the @gnu{} Autotools, we can:

@itemize
@item
Install the file @file{pkg.m4} from @file{/usr/share/aclocal} into the
source tree of the package, for example under @file{meta/autoconf/}.

@item
Include @file{pkg.m4} in the template by adding the following line to
@file{acinclude.m4}:

@example
m4_include(meta/autoconf/pkg.m4)
@end example

@item
Just add the following macro use to @file{configure.ac}:

@example
PKG_CHECK_MODULES([MP_ODRF],[mp-odrf >= 0.1])
@end example

@noindent
which will set the variables @code{MP_ODRF_LIBS} and
@code{MP_ODRF_CFLAGS}.
@end itemize

Alternatively we can use the raw @gnu{} Autoconf macros:

@example
AC_CHECK_LIB([mpodrf],[mp_odrf_version_string],,
  [AC_MSG_FAILURE([test for MP ODRF library failed])])
AC_CHECK_HEADERS([mp-odrf.h],,
  [AC_MSG_FAILURE([test for MP ODRF header failed])])
@end example

@c page
@node version
@chapter Version functions


The installed libraries follow version numbering as established by the
@gnu{} Autotools.  For an explanation of interface numbers as managed by
@gnu{} Libtool @xref{Libtool versioning, interface, Libtool's versioning
system, libtool, Shared library support for @gnu{}}.


@deftypefun {const char *} mp_odrf_version_string (void)
Return a pointer to a statically allocated @asciiz{} string representing
the interface version number.
@end deftypefun


@deftypefun int mp_odrf_version_interface_current (void)
Return an integer representing the library interface current number.
@end deftypefun


@deftypefun int mp_odrf_version_interface_revision (void)
Return an integer representing the library interface current revision
number.
@end deftypefun


@deftypefun int mp_odrf_version_interface_age (void)
Return an integer representing the library interface current age.
@end deftypefun

@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Appendices.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@include gpl-3.0.texi
@include fdl-1.3.texi

@c page
@node resources
@appendix On--line resources


The latest version of this package can be downloaded from:

@center @url{http://github.com/marcomaggi/@value{PACKAGE_NICKNAME}/}

@c page
@node references
@appendix Bibliography and references



@c page
@node concept index
@appendix An entry for each concept

@printindex cp

@node function index
@appendix An entry for each function.

@printindex fn

@node variable index
@appendix An entry for each variable.

@printindex vr

@node type index
@appendix An entry for each type.

@printindex tp

@contents
@bye

@c end of file

